zebco was founded in 2002 five pair and
lesser cost
and today the company is Scandinavia's
biggest manufacturer of laptop computers
price performance and quality are the
cornerstones of the company these three
attributes ensure that customers are
satisfied when they invest in a zento
note 1 customer's order their notebooks
directly on zepp tour com all on our
dealers and partners websites through
zep toes distributors dealers and
european partners our products are now
available throughout most of europe and
by are more than 125 different websites
we operate on a built to order concept
whereby a notebook can be tailor-made
after the customers individual needs at
the same time the just-in-time model
allows the possibility of always having
competitively priced computers available
without the need for expensive
pre-manufactured stock our customers can
choose between 30,000 different
configurations and only when the
customer has customized their notebook
do we set production in motion
everyone who chooses as M tone notebook
can also design the top cover with their
own personal pictures company slogans
all logos our flexible and highly
technological production format means
that we can always deliver the newest
technology for very reasonable prices we
produce after the built to order concept
the customer orders as Epton no clock
bare bones and components are chosen
from the stock and transported
automatically to the assembly line the
components and software are installed
test it and quality check the customers
personal notebook is transported to
packing and delivery it takes less than
six minutes to assemble a zep token
puter our production facilities can
accommodate 1,200 zero computers a day
today we utilize approximately twenty
percent of its capacity depending on
where in the world the customer submit
TSA's order it takes between 125 days
from order to delivery of the septum
notebook production of laptop computers
is the fastest growing market within the
IT business in denmark alone the number
of units sold has increased from 122,000
in 2002 550 2000 in 2005 and it is
predicted that seventy percent of all
sold computers in 2009 will be laptop
computers within this big and expanding
market Zapdos aim is to be Europe's
leading producer
zep toe is also in the process of moving
into the LCD flat screen market and our
gold is once again to be Europe's
leading producer we are entering a
market in the midst of radical
development it is predicted that global
production of LCD flat screen TVs will
increase by fifty percent per year in
2005 alone 20 million LCD TVs were
produced with the number expected to
increase to 75 million units by 2009
zebco has already achieved a unique
position in the European market at the
same time we have the products and
production apparatus that is geared for
the future we are convinced that we will
become Europe's leading producer of
notebooks and LCD flat screens zento
moving people